once upon a time there was a royal
elephant that used to reside in the
premises of the king's palace the
elephant was very dear to the king so he
was scared well fed and well treated
there was a dog who used to live in the
neighborhood of the elephant shed he was
very weak and skinny he was always
fascinated by the smell of the rich
sweet rice being fed to the Royal
elephant one day the dog could not risk
the aroma of the rice and somehow he
sneaked into the elephant's shed
he ate the sweet rice that fell from the
elephant's mouth
he liked the rice so much he started
coming daily to eat the rice for days
the huge elephant didn't notice the
small dog as he was busy in enjoying the
delicious food gradually the dog became
bigger and stronger by eating such rich
food he came under the notice of the
elephant the elephant used to enjoy the
company of the dog and started sharing
his food with him both of them also
started sharing time with each other and
soon they made good friends they ate
together slept together and played
together it didn't take long when
neither of them was happy without the
other they became great friends and
didn't want to get separated from each
other then one day a man saw the dog and
asked the elephant keeper I want to buy
this dog what price do you seek for the
dog the elephant keeper didn't own the
dog still he sold the dog and extracted
some of money out of this deal
the man took the dog to his home village
which was quite far away the Kings
elephant became very sad after this
incident he missed his friend a lot and
started neglecting everything he didn't
want to do anything without his dear
friend
so stop eating drinking and even bathing
ultimately the elephant keeper reported
this to the king however he didn't tell
anything about the dog the king had a
wise minister who was known for his
understanding of animals at once the
king asked the minister go to the
elephant shed and find out the reason
for the elephant's condition
the intelligent Minister went to the
elephant shed and found the elephant in
ferry sad he loops the elephant all over
and asked the elephant people there is
nothing wrong with this elephant's body
then why does he look so sad I think
this elephant is grief-stricken possibly
due to the loss of a dear friend do you
know if this elephant shared a close
friendship with anyone there was a dog
who used to eat sleep and play with the
elephant he has been taken by a stranger
three days ago
where is the dog I don't know your
majesty as for my opinion the Royal
elephant is not sick but he is lonesome
without steel friend the dog do you know
where the dog is even keeper has
informed it a stranger took him away and
he didn't know about his whereabouts how
can we bring back my elephant's friend
and make him happy again
Your Majesty make a declaration but
whoever has the dog that used to live
with royal elephants shed will be
penalized
attention everybody attention everybody
whoever has the dog that used to live at
the Royal elephant shed will be
penalized this is the King's order the
King did the same and the man who took
the dog instantly turned him loose when
he heard the proclamation when the dog
was free he ran back as fast as he could
to reach the elephant's shed the
elephant was so delighted to see the dog
that he picked his friend with his trunk
and made him sit on his head the dog
they'd stay while the elephant's eyes
sparkled with happiness
the king was contented to see the happy
elephant once again he also rewarded the
minister for his wise judgement both the
elephant and the dog lived happily ever
after
children what do you understand from
this story did you see what a wonderful
relationship that the elephant and the
dog shared with each other that is
friendship friendship is one of the most
beautiful things that can ever happen in
one's life the moral of the story is
true friends can never be separated even
if you fight with your closest of
friends I think you'll make a glitter
sure because I know that you can never
be separated from your true friend